Fix robot window message (#4336)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/robot.md

The `wb_robot_window_send` and `wb_robot_wwi_send_text` functions allow a robot controller to send a message to a JavaScript function running in the HTML robot window.
The message is received using the `webots.window("<robot window name>").receive` method of the Webots JavaScript API.

The `wb_robot_wwi_send_text` function returns the first message present in the buffer of received messages and moves its reading head to the next one. To read the full buffer, you should call repeatedly this function until it returns `NULL`:
```C
const char *message;

> while ((message = wb_robot_wwi_receive_text())) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while (message = wb_robot_wwi_receive_text()) {
```

The `wb_robot_window_send` and `wb_robot_wwi_send_text` functions allow a robot controller to send a message to a JavaScript function running in the HTML robot window.
The message is received using the `webots.window("<robot window name>").receive` method of the Webots JavaScript API.

> The `wb_robot_wwi_send_text` returns the first message present in the buffer of received messages and moves its reading head to the next one. To read the full buffer, you can proceed like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `wb_robot_wwi_send_text` function returns the first message present in the buffer of received messages and moves its reading head to the next one. To read the full buffer, you should call repeatedly this function until it returns `NULL`:
```

```

> const char * message = wb_robot_wwi_receive_text();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const char *message = wb_robot_wwi_receive_text();
```

> while (message){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while (message) {
```

  // to something with the message.

  message = wb_robot_wwi_receive_text();
}

> ```

Reviewer: A simpler version could be:
```C
const char *message;
while (message = wb_robot_wwi_receive_text()) {
  // do something with each message
}
```
I believe this simpler version should be used in the code also.

> The reading head will be reset to the beginning of the buffer of received messages each time a time step is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reading head will be reset to the beginning of the buffer of received messages each time a time step is performed.
```

The message is received using the `webots.window("<robot window name>").receive` method of the Webots JavaScript API.

> **note** [Java, Python, MATLAB, ROS]: `wb_robot_wwi_receive` and `wb_robot_window_send` functions are not available in the Java, Python, MATLAB, or ROS API.

>**note** [Python]: the `wwiReceiveStrings` function returns a list of strings. It is recommended to use it to not miss a message instead of `wwiReceiveText` that returns only the first message.

> >**note** [C, Cpp]: it is better to use the `wb_robot_wwi_receive` and `wwiReceive` instead of `wb_robot_wwi_receive_text` and `wwiReceiveText` to avoid missing messages as the two last functions only return the first message and not the whole buffer of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**note** [C, C++]: it is better to use the `wb_robot_wwi_receive` (or `wwiReceive` in C++) instead of `wb_robot_wwi_receive_text` (or `wwiReceiveText` in C++) to avoid missing messages as the later function only returns the first message and not the whole buffer of messages.
```
